We covered a lot of material in this module.
Companies spend months developing out frameworks,
but this should give you a nice launching platform to get yours started.
We covered why you'd want to have an abstraction in your framework and
the page object model and how an object maps to a page.
We spoke about performance and how it's better over time using your own
framework and that using WebDriver doesn't mean you shouldn't use the Selenium
IDE. And in fact, the Selenium IDE is a great combination.
And then we talked about where and how you want to do threading
inside of your application, and you could look at using something
like Jenkins to integrate that at that unit test level and fire off
those individual unit tests.
We've now reached the end of this course, and I want to
thank you for following along with me.
I hope you found it valuable, and it's helpful in you mastering automated QA practices of your own.